xxxxx consider shifting @supabase/ssr to middleware
xxxxx   currently used in lib/superbase/server.ts

xxxxx need to switch to secret key instead of service role keys
xxxxx   used by app/api/cron/stats/route.ts

add total waste collected to each events schema and then calculate total waste 
  at: app/api/cron/stats/route.ts
  then update its values at global_stats and reflect it on the website

currently all events are considered cleanups. use something like if waste collected is not null then count.
  BTW create a column for total waste collected on the events page
  have multiple event types?

make a json of all events to load from which gets updated everytime an event is updated?

for the homepage instead of reading from the db everytime have it stored in the server or cache it
  explore linking homepage and lib cron stats.
  let cron job run only when events are updated otherwise catche the data and pull from it directly to reduce server calls

cache or store data locally events data instead of fetching it from server everytime 

create a component that shows up only for admin on the events page later

evaluate all cookies() and compare it to response.cookies.set

user data could also be download and stored securely on the server or cached fetching data as needed only without connecting to server everytime.
  data is updated everytime an event is created / deleted.
  data is also updated once per day and a data integrity test is also conducted just to make sure the update process is not messed with
  ever time user updates their data the value is updated both locally and on supeabase
  also have a manually data option for emergencies

change message colour based on message type on src/app/(auth)/login/page.tsx

why do I have to log back in for admin role change to be reflected? does that mean I can spoof it?

add window for otp

make copy checkin link button more conspecious

MAKE A UNIFIED LOCATION SELECTOR FOR EVENTS AND PROFILES

reduce server calls as much as possible

handle event thumbnail auto cropping and converting to webp

create a new column for place to add before location and hyperlinking to maps and end time to calculate time spent by voluenteers and for ical

have a share button like in tineb blurbs share on smaller screens, add one for reddit, mastadon should ask instance in an inline field instead of an aleart and should remember it

certificate download buttons prints the entire page, not just the certificate
###
after event closes turn it from totp to static_otp?
  this is so that incase someone who was there can register later?
  might be better to increase the totp window.
  should the secret columns be purged after a while? would that reduce server load?
how long does the event remains open?

###
ranks:
  no. of cleanups:
      badges that looks like stickers?
  no. of social activites like picnics:
      can be poems, words, title?
  time spent in hours
      titles, ranks?
  year count badge
      sticker ribbon type
  certain event:
      more official looking?


------
policy being used for buckets:
  insert:
    Policy Name: Allow admins to upload event thumbnails

    Allowed Operations: INSERT

    Target Roles: authenticated

    Check expression:

    SQL
    -- This assumes your profiles table has a role column
    (SELECT role FROM profiles WHERE id = auth.uid()) IN ('admin', 'super_admin')



policy for badges table:
  -- 1. Enable RLS on the table
  alter table public.badges enable row level security;

  -- 2. Allow everyone (even anonymous if public) to VIEW badges
  -- Or change 'true' to 'auth.role() = 'authenticated'' for logged-in users only
  create policy "Badges are viewable by everyone" 
  on public.badges for select 
  using (true);-- 1. Enable RLS on the table
  alter table public.badges enable row level security;

  -- 2. Allow everyone (even anonymous if public) to VIEW badges
  -- Or change 'true' to 'auth.role() = 'authenticated'' for logged-in users only
  create policy "Badges are viewable by everyone" 
  on public.badges for select 
  using (true);